Okay, let's see how we implemented
these additional channels.
So if you open the Hints button here,
you might have been had your memory,
refreshed that the fill opacity channel,
I'll just wanna spell like
this with the camel case.
And the the other channel that we want for
the outlines is just like in SVG stroke.
So, and again remembering to put commas,
very difficult.
Let's see how we mapped these.
Can maybe folks in the in person audience
walk me through this, David or Julie?
So for the for
the first task we had to map the opacity
to the length of time each test took.
So yeah, David
>> Yeah, so we can just do the key as fill
opacity, like you said and
then just map it to minutes.
>> Boom and so now, Uh-huh,
beautiful, thank you so much.
So now we have essentially the longer
the test took to run, the darker it is.
We were talking in the chat about
making the features that we want to
jump out have the most salient
properties in the visualization.
So in this case, we're probably interested
in any really long running test jobs,
perhaps because that's a bottleneck
that we wanna look at in more detail.
So using the fill opacity
where higher durations have
darker cells that jump out at us is
maybe what we want in this case.
If it was something else where maybe
we want the shortest test to jump
out we could reverse again like overriding
the default mappings of those domains and
ranges, we could change
that direction as it were.
Okay, and then we noticed again that we
have some of these zero duration cells
where since we've lost all opacity now
we don't know what color they were,
we don't know what their
conclusion status is,
so Jelenia, maybe wanna help
us walk through that solution?
>> Add a channel under
the fill opacity for stroke,
and then the value can be any color.
I just chose black.
>> Okay, so one thing we could do
is put in a constant like this and
have each of them kind of outlined.
And this might be a visual
choice that we make.
But the other thing that we
could do using exactly the same
approach is we could actually
re-encode the success or
failure state, which we have
saved in our data set in that.
So we had already encoded this in the film
channel as the conclusion values.
So this is a great example of how to
use a constant in our visualizations
which is often really useful for
example in when we're adding outlines or
maybe we want all of certain
property to have the same value.
We can also make it dynamic in the same
way that we did with the fill channel
by mapping it to the conclusion as well.
So totally up to you and your use case,
how we wanna be doing that.
Awesome, thanks so much folks.
So for example, if we do map the stroke
channel to the conclusion values
then we'll see that some of these
zero durations were canceled so
maybe they just got cancelled
before it even ran, and
one of them maybe immediately
errored out for example.
Okay questions, comments, concerns?
All right, so
we have one more exercise to do.
And that is to take our now
pretty informative plot and
make it even super more informative and
a little bit interactive
by adding tooltips to each cell so
that we can see the exact values of
the duration and the conclusion status for
each of those cells.
And plot exposes a channel for that.
It's called, Title, just like we're
adding a title to an element.
So we can use the title channel to
add text tooltips to each cell.
And what we're gonna do in order to
set the values for the title channel,
is instead of passing in a single
string where we have either the name of
a field have the data or a constant value
like we just saw in the last example,
we can also with plot pass in functions.
So we can pass in a function
that tells plot, hey,
on this channel take in each data
point and using that data point and
whatever values are exposed
as properties on that object,
cuz each of these data points is one of
those elements in that JavaScript array.
Use those properties to come up with
the value for this particular channel.
So that is our task.
Our last task of this project is to
figure out how to add a title channel.
With a custom function and there
are some hints in the hint button that
gives an informative string about
the details of that data point.
And there's plenty of flexibility here so
you might wanna include
the test conclusion word.
You might wanna include the duration
in minutes you might wanna include
your name or some other fun thing
you wanna spice it up with.
But essentially by adding a custom
function we can put in whatever we want as
the value of this title channel.
So let's take a few more minutes and
finish up this project.